hey everybody welcome back excuse me a
couple days ago maybe a couple of weeks
I forget I posted a video on how to fix
a netbook 10.1 that would not come back
on and I've gotten overwhelming response
back and I've also had a couple of
questions so I thought I would try to
address two of the questions that I've
received one of which was how to set
your computer or your tablet to where it
would not go to sleep which seems to be
the issue causing it to not start back
up so in this video I'm going to show
you how to do that and I'm gonna do
another video about how to remove the
back cover that seems to be trouble that
some people are having so first off I'm
gonna go over here to the top right
corner swipe over and I'm gonna touch
search and I'm gonna type in power
options and it should be the first icon
has like little green battery and a plug
on it so touch that and this window pops
up I'm gonna hit the camera
I'm mizzou min so you can see exactly
what all I'm doing here
okay so once you're here I'm gonna use
of the mouse because my fingers are too
big to use this go to this bottom option
on the left that says change when the
computer sleeps click on that and then
we're going to go down here to change
advanced power settings click on that
and another little window pops up and
I'll see if I get a little tighter shot
on this okay so a required password a
password on wakeup when it's on battery
or plugged in the one that we're really
concerned about is the power button and
lid I'll show you that centered up here
and there's three options under here you
got the lid closed action the power
button and the sleep button as you can
see right now they're all set on sleep
so what I've been doing is I just go
shut them or set all of them down to
shut down on the lid and the only
difference is on them that's asking what
you want to do if the batteries if
you're using the battery and the other
one is if you're charging your unit
wallet on
so what I wanted to do is if I shut the
lid I want it to shut down the tablet if
I hit the power button I want it to shut
down the tablet and even if I hit the
sleep button I want it to shut down the
tablet or no do nothing I'm sorry
do nothing so the settings that I have
are shut down shut down the shutdown
shutdown do nothing and do nothing
click on apply click on apply and then
click OK and that's how you set it to
not go to sleep anymore so I hope that
was what the person was requesting if so
let me don't know down in the comments
below I'm also going to post another
link to the other video if your tablet
won't come on how to take that and then
over here I'll put another link to the
video and getting ready to make on how
to remove the cover off the back so hope
somebody get some help out of that and
y'all have a wonderful day thank you